Genuine and honest critical thinking is a must for human growth and societal development and evolution, yet it is a well swerved portion of the dominant system of the international academia. The conditions where physics and any kind of basic sciences are taught, leave no room for honest questions and open imaginations, it's incongruous in the end, hence low quality articles and dishonest pop-science. 
The way physics is taught, I think is significantly wrong, students are exposed to set of fixed dogmas and theories, in which are expected to accept without questioning their rationale and thought processes, for example, "What went on in the mind of a physicist when he came up with a theory?", "What was his thought process?" and "How did a theory evolve?"
Modern academia, shaped by institutional inertia, often lacks the necessary skills in delivering knowledge to their pupils, and them, while barely having the floor, are often ridiculed when came up with basic and simple questions. 
The dominion system of knowledge deliverance ridicules those who ask fundamental questions, which stems from the system's fear of freedom, knowledge sets you free, yet when knowledge is censored under this clan. 
We do value and encourage open science, but this project has other goals to achieve; to renovate the system of academia and bring open and free critical, fundamental, and chronological thinking.

I understood from experience that in order to understand the universe, you need to understand the god's mind -or whatever you believe in. When encountered a subject, the sole reality of the subject should be divided into proper sets of realities themselves, and in chronological order. "What happened first and what came next?" shall come to mind as the secret order of comprehension, the chronological order of events is important for the human mind to imagine the undiluted reality of a theory and its evolution to what it is in the current time. 

Another fact that pollutes the thought process of a knowledge seeker, is ignoring the thought process of the creator-or whatever you believe in. How does one think to come up with an astonishing theory of the universe, his comprehension of the universe must be unique than that of his mainstream peers, yet why is peculiarity is often viewed as a trait to be avoided in the notions of the media? This project aims to simulate of the mind of the well known and not so well known thinkers of physics and science.

In order to achieve this goal, we will use a method called "Reverse Engineering". Instead of blindly following the fixed notions of education, each chapter will have its own journey of comprehension, through what will be created first, and what created that next. The idea stems from the fact that human brain tends to achieve results than activity itself, by understanding the result, you are expected to be motivated enough to continue your path in understanding physics, and why you are understanding physics in this chaotic world where brains are constantly bombarded by information.

I think it is congenial that this project, will open the eyes of those who like to think on their own. 
